Do you know who it was?
Yes. His name is Hou Jiuling.
Yes, yes, it’s him, it’s him.
Are you sure? Do you know
who he is?
Who?
Hou Jiuling, real name Lin Nuosen,
chairman of Italy’s Cavilla International
Group,
the youngest and most
outstanding entrepreneur in Italy.
Are you sure he’s the one who kidnapped you?
I’m sure, it’s him.
Then what was his
motive for kidnapping you?
If I arrest the head
of Cavilla,
the whole country will be in an uproar.
He’s after my girlfriend,
he wants me to break up with her,
hurry up and arrest him.
Right.
He didn’t even want the daughter
of our police chief,
Italy’s famous movie star,
and he’d want your girlfriend?
Filing a false report can get you arrested,
you know that?
Humiliation, embarrassment, I want to die.
I didn’t file a false report,
everything I said is true.
Alright, alright, since it’s your first offense,
we won’t pursue it,
just go.
Officer,
everything I said is true.
I want to file a report.
Sir, Miss Ji and Wu Tai
just went to the police.
Ji Lingling, Ji Lingling,
why are you so disobedient?